DOCSP-38380: array reads (#3028)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/fundamentals/read-operations.txt

To learn how to query by using the Laravel query builder instead of the
Eloquent ORM, see the :ref:`laravel-query-builder` page.

Match Array Field Elements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can specify a query filter to match array field elements when
retrieving documents. If your documents contain an array field, you can
match documents based on if the value contains all or some specified
array elements.

You can use one of the following ``where()`` method calls to build a
query on an array field:

- ``where('<array field>', <array>)`` builds a query that matches documents in
  which the array field value is exactly the specified array

- ``where('<array field>', 'in', <array>)`` builds a query
  that matches documents in which the array field value contains one or
  more of the specified array elements

> After building your query with the ``where()`` method, chain the ``get()``

Reviewer: S: to avoid with:
```suggestion
After building your query by using the ``where()`` method, chain the ``get()``
```
